
Description:

  Returns a long description of the specified Tcl command; or a list of
  available Xilinx Tcl command categories; or a list of commands matching a
  specific pattern.

  The default help command without any arguments returns a list of Tcl
  command categories that can be further explored. Command categories are
  groups of commands performing a specific function, like File I/O commands
  for instance.

  Available options for the help command can return just the command syntax
  for a quick reminder of how the command should be structured; the command
  syntax and a brief description of each argument; or the long form of the
  command with more detailed descriptions and examples of the command.

  To limit the memory usage of the Vivado Design Suite, some features of the
  tool are only loaded into memory when that feature set is used. To access
  the complete list of Tcl commands and help text associated with a given
  feature, you must load the feature into memory using the load_features
  command.

  The help command can also return any available information related to
  various properties assignable to design objects. Use the -prop and -class
  options to return help information for properties.

  This command returns the specified help text, or an error.

Arguments:

  -category <arg> - (Optional) Get a list of the commands grouped under the
  specified command category.

  -args - (Optional) Get abbreviated help text for the specified command. The
  default is to return the extended help for the specified command. Use this
  argument to keep it brief.

  -syntax - (Optional) Returns only the syntax line for the command as a
  quick reminder of the proper form for using the command.

  -long - (Optional) Returns the extended help description for the command,
  including the syntax, a brief description of the arguments, and a more
  detailed description of the command with examples. This is the default
  setting for the help command.

  -prop <arg> - (Optional) Return the specified property of an object class,
  or the properties assigned to a specific object in the current design.

  Note: This option requires the use of -class, or the specification of a
  single design object.

  -class <arg> - (Optional) Return information related to the specified class
  of objects.

  -message <arg> - (Optional) Return information related to the specified
  message. Messages are specified in the form of a unique global message ID,
  that consists of an application sub-system code and a message identifier:
  "Common 17-24", or {Common 17-24}. Refer to the set_msg_config command for
  more information.

  -quiet - (Optional) Execute the command quietly, returning no messages from
  the command. The command also returns TCL_OK regardless of any errors
  encountered during execution.

  Note: Any errors encountered on the command-line, while launching the
  command, will be returned. Only errors occurring inside the command will be
  trapped.

  -verbose - (Optional) Temporarily override any message limits and return
  all messages from this command.

  Note: Message limits can be defined with the set_msg_config command.

  <pattern_or_object> - (Optional) Returns information related to the
  specified command, or a list of commands that match the specified pattern.

  Note: A Vivado first class object, like a cell or site, must be specified
  when used with -class and -prop to return information about properties.

Examples:

  The following example returns a list of Xilinx Tcl command categories:

    help

  This example loads the simulator feature of the Vivado Design Suite, and
  then returns a list of Tcl commands in the simulation and waveform
  categories:

    load_features simulator 
    help -category simulation 
    help -category waveform

  Returns a list of all commands matching the specified search pattern:

    help *file*

  This list can be used to quickly locate a command for a specific purpose,
  such as remove_files or delete_files.

  The following help command returns a long description of the remove_files
  command and its arguments:

    help remove_files

  Note: You can also use the -args option to get a brief description of the
  command.

  This example defines a procedure called short, and returns the -args form
  of help for the specified command:

    proc short cmdName {help -args $cmdName}

  Note: You can add this procedure to your init.tcl file to load this command
  every time the tool is launched. Refer to Chapter 1, Introduction of the
  Vivado Design Suite Tcl Command Reference (UG835) for more information on
  the init.tcl file.

  The following examples show how to obtain help for properties of design
  objects, or a class of design objects:

    help -class cell -prop NAME  
    help -prop NAME [get_cells cpuEngine]

  Note: In the preceding example, the first command returns general
  information related to the NAME property, while the second command also
  returns the value of the NAME property on the specified design object.

See Also:

   *  get_cells

   *  list_features

   *  list_property

   *  load_features

   *  report_property

   *  set_msg_config
