
Description:

  Returns the current message limit or count applied to a specified message
  ID or severity, or returns all message configuration rules defined in the
  current project. Message configuration rules are defined using the
  set_msg_config command.

  When used with -count this command will display the total number of
  messages that have been generated with the matching message id, or for the
  specified severity.

  When used with -limit this command will display the current limit of
  messages with the matching message id, or for the specified severity.

  When used with -rules, it will display a table of all message configuration
  rules currently in effect.

  Note: You can only return the limit, the count, or the rules in a single
  get_msg_config command. An error is returned if more than one action is
  attempted.


Arguments:

  -id <arg> - (Optional) The message ID, which is included in all returned
  messages. For example, "Common 17-54" and "Netlist 29-28".

  -severity <value> - (Optional) The severity of the message. There are five
  message severities:

   *  ERROR - An ERROR condition implies an issue has been encountered which
      will render design results unusable and cannot be resolved without user
      intervention.

   *  {CRITICAL WARNING} - A CRITICAL WARNING message indicates that certain
      input/constraints will either not be applied or are outside the best
      practices for a FPGA family. User action is strongly recommended.

      Note: Since this is a two word value, it must be enclosed in {}.

   *  WARNING - A WARNING message indicates that design results may be
      sub-optimal because constraints or specifications may not be applied as
      intended. User action may be taken or may be reserved.

   *  INFO - An INFO message is the same as a STATUS message, but includes a
      severity and message ID tag. An INFO message includes a message ID to
      allow further investigation through answer records if needed.

   *  STATUS - A STATUS message communicates general status of the process
      and feedback to the user regarding design processing. A STATUS message
      does not include a message ID.

  -rules - (Optional) Return the message configuration rules in the current
  project as defined by the set_msg_config command.

  Note: When -rule is specified, all configuration rules for the current
  project are returned regardless of any message qualifier such as -id or
  -severity.

  -limit - (Optional) Return the current limit of messages that match the
  message ID or the message severity.

  -count - (Optional) Return the current count of messages that match the
  specified message ID or message severity.

  -quiet - (Optional) Execute the command quietly, returning no messages from
  the command. The command also returns TCL_OK regardless of any errors
  encountered during execution.

  Note: Any errors encountered on the command-line, while launching the
  command, will be returned. Only errors occurring inside the command will be
  trapped.

  -verbose - (Optional) Temporarily override any message limits and return
  all messages from this command.

  Note: Message limits can be defined with the set_msg_config command.


Examples:

  The following example gets the current count of the specified INFO message:

    get_msg_config -id "HSM 1-7" -count

  The following example returns the message configuration rules in the
  current session:

    get_msg_config -rules


See Also:

   *  reset_msg_config
   *  set_msg_config

