
Description:

  Report the details of the system environment that the tool is running
  under. The details of the environment report include: operating system
  version, CPU, memory, available disk space, and specific settings of
  various environment variables.

  The default is to write the report to the standard output. However, the
  report can be written to a file instead.


Arguments:

  -file <arg> - (Optional) Write the report into the specified file. The
  specified file will be overwritten if one already exists, unless -append is
  also specified.

  Note: If the path is not specified as part of the file name, the file will
  be written into the current working directory, or the directory from which
  the tool was launched.

  -format [ text | xml ] - (Optional) The default format of the output report
  is text. You can also output an XML report. XML output is only valid when
  -file is specified, and cannot be used with -append.

  -append - (Optional) Append the output of the command to the specified file
  rather than overwriting it.

  Note: The -append option can only be used with the -file option

  -return_string - (Optional) Directs the output to a Tcl string rather than
  to the standard output. The Tcl string can be captured by a variable
  definition and parsed or otherwise processed.

  Note: This argument cannot be used with the -file option.

  -quiet - (Optional) Execute the command quietly, returning no messages from
  the command. The command also returns TCL_OK regardless of any errors
  encountered during execution.

  Note: Any errors encountered on the command-line, while launching the
  command, will be returned. Only errors occurring inside the command will be
  trapped.

  -verbose - (Optional) Temporarily override any message limits and return
  all messages from this command.

  Note: Message limits can be defined with the set_msg_config command.


Examples:

  The following example reports the current environment to the specified file:

    report_environment -file C:/Data/toolEnv.txt

