
Description:

  Defines a new fileset within a design project. Files can be added to a
  newly created fileset using the add_files command.

  A fileset is a list of files with a specific function within the project.
  One or more constraint files is a constraint set (-constrset); one or more
  simulation test benches is a simulation set (-simset). Only one fileset
  option can be specified when using the create_fileset command. As a
  default, the tool will create a constraint fileset if the type is not
  specified.

  You can also use the create_fileset -blockset command to configure an IP
  core, or hierarchical module of the design, as an out-of-context (OOC)
  block. The block fileset, or blockset, creates a hierarchical file
  collection for the IP or module specified with the -define_from option. The
  files related to the specified hierarchical module will be moved from their
  current fileset to the new blockset. When the blockset is created, the
  Vivado Design Suite also defines out-of-context synthesis and
  implementation runs for the block. The output products for the OOC module
  are stored in the blockset, including the synthesized design checkpoint
  (DCP) and any required structural simulation netlists. Stuctural simulation
  netlists are needed when a behavioral model for the block is not available,
  or is not available in the language supported by the target simulator. You
  can define an out-of-context constraint file for the IP or moduleif needed,
  and add the at to the block fileset as well.

  Note: Refer to the Vivado Design Suite User Guide: Designing with IP
  (UG896) or the Vivado Design Suite User Guide: Hierarchical Design (UG905)
  for more information on out-of-context design.

  The create_fileset command returns the name of the newly created fileset,
  or will return an error message if it fails.

Arguments:

  -constrset - (Optional) Creates a constraint set to hold one or more
  constraint files. This is the default fileset created if neither the
  -constrset, -simset, or -blockset argument is specified.

  -simset - (Optional) Create a simulation fileset to hold one or more
  simulation source files. You can only specify one type of fileset argument,
  either -constrset or -simset. You will get an error if both are specified.

  -blockset - (Optional) Create a block fileset to configure an IP core or
  hierarchical module for out-of-context design.

  Note: The -blockset option requires the -define_from option to specify the
  IP or module to use as the top-level of the blockset.

  -clone_properties <arg> - (Optional) Clone the properties of a specified
  fileset to add to the newly created fileset. This is useful for ensuring
  that new filesets are created with needed properties such as USED_IN.

  -define_from <arg> - (Optional) Specify the top-module of an IP core to
  define the block fileset.

  Note: This option is required when the -blockset option is used.

  -quiet - (Optional) Execute the command quietly, returning no messages from
  the command. The command also returns TCL_OK regardless of any errors
  encountered during execution.

  Note: Any errors encountered on the command-line, while launching the
  command, will be returned. Only errors occurring inside the command will be
  trapped.

  -verbose - (Optional) Temporarily override any message limits and return
  all messages from this command.

  Note: Message limits can be defined with the set_msg_config command.

  <name> - (Required) The name of the fileset to be created.

Examples:

  The following example creates a new constraint file set named constraints2:

    create_fileset -constrset -quiet constraints2

  Note: With -quiet specified, the tool will not return anything if it
  encounters an error in trying to create the specified fileset.

  The following example creates an out-of-context (OOC) blockset for the
  hierarchical module specified by the -define_from option:

    create_fileset -blockset -define_from dac_spi dac_spi

  The following example creates a new simulation fileset named sim_1:

    create_fileset -simset sim_1

See Also:

   *  add_files
   *  current_fileset
   *  synth_ip
