
Description:

  Note: The encrypt command is provided with limited access, and requires a
  special license to use.

  Allows anyone with an encryption license to encrypt Verilog or VHDL files
  using the IEEE 1735 encryption standard.

  Encrypted files can be provided by third-party IP providers to protect
  their intellectual property, while still enabling the Vivado Design Suite
  to read the encrypted files for synthesis and simulation. The data is in
  plain text prior to encryption.

  Note: Unless the -ext option is used, the specified files are encrypted in
  place, overwriting the input files with the encrypted files.

Arguments:

  -key <arg> - (Optional) Specifies an RSA key file that includes the Xilinx
  public key. If the -key is not specified, the Vivado tool looks for keys
  embedded within the specified files. These are 1735 supported pragmas, or
  directives embedded into the specified files, that provide the encryption
  key and indicate where the protected data begins and ends.

  Note: The Xilinx public key can be obtained by members from the IEEE P1735
  working group, or by contacting an appropriate Xilinx representative.

  -lang [ vhdl | verilog ] - (Required) Specify the HDL language of the
  source files to be encrypted. Supported values are VHDL or verilog.

  -ext <arg> - (Optional) Specify an extension to use for the output
  encrypted files. The original source files will be preserved.

  Note: If this option is not specified, the original source files will be
  overwritten with the encrypted output.

  -quiet - (Optional) Execute the command quietly, returning no messages from
  the command. The command also returns TCL_OK regardless of any errors
  encountered during execution.

  Note: Any errors encountered on the command-line, while launching the
  command, will be returned. Only errors occurring inside the command will be
  trapped.

  -verbose - (Optional) Temporarily override any message limits and return
  all messages from this command.

  Note: Message limits can be defined with the set_msg_config command.

  <files> - (Required) The names of Verilog or VHDL files to encrypt.

Example:

  The following example encrypts the specified Verilog file, using the
  specified key file:

    encrypt -lang verilog C:/Data/xilinx_rsa_key.txt C:/Data/design_1.v

  Note: The specified source file is overwritten by the encrypted output file.

See Also:

   *  write_verilog
   *  write_vdhl
