
Description:

  Launch the Xilinx ISim simulator using the simulation source files in a
  simulation fileset. You can create a simulation fileset within the current
  project using the create_fileset command.

  Launching the ISim simulator first runs fuse, the RTL elaborator, compiler,
  and linker used to create a simulation executable used by the simulator.

  ISim is then launched, using the created executable.

  The command returns messages related to running fuse and ISim.

Arguments:

  -simset - (Optional) Name of the simulation fileset containing the
  simulation test benches and sources to be used during simulation. If not
  specified, the current simulation fileset is used.

  -noclean_dir - (Optional) Do not remove simulation run directory files
  prior to launching the simulator. However, some of the files generated for
  use by the simulator will be overwritten or updated by re-launching the
  simulator. The default is to remove the simulation run directory before
  launching the simulator.

  -mode [ behavioral | timing ] - (Optional) Simulation mode. Specifies
  either a behavioral simulation of the design to verify syntax and confirm
  that the design performs as intended, or a timing simulation of the post
  implementation design to verify circuit operation after the worst-case
  placed and routed delays are calculated. The default mode is behavioral.

  -quiet - (Optional) Execute the command quietly, returning no messages from
  the command. The command also returns TCL_OK regardless of any errors
  encountered during execution.

  Note: Any errors encountered on the command-line, while launching the
  command, will be returned. Only errors occurring inside the command will be
  trapped.

  -verbose - (Optional) Temporarily override any message limits and return
  all messages from this command.

  Note: Message limits can be defined with the set_msg_config command.

Examples:

  The following example launches ISim in timing mode:

    launch_isim -mode timing

See Also:

   *  create_fileset
