
Description:

  Open a design checkpoint file (DCP), create a new in-memory project and
  initialize a design immediately in the new project with the contents of the
  checkpoint. This command can be used to open a top-level design checkpoint,
  or the checkpoint created for an out-of-context module.

  When opening a checkpoint, there is no need to create a project first. The
  open_checkpoint command reads the design data into memory, opening the
  design in Non-Project Mode. Refer to the Vivado Design Suite User Guide:
  Design Flows Overview (UG892) for more information on Project Mode and
  Non-Project Mode.

  Note: When multiple design checkpoints are open in the Vivado tool, you
  must use the current_project command to switch between the open designs.
  You can use current_design to check which checkpoint is the active design.

Arguments:

  -part <arg> - (Optional) Specify a target part for the imported checkpoint
  design. This option lets you change the speed grade of the part used by the
  design checkpoint file, or change early availability parts for production
  parts of the same device and package.

  Note: The use of -part is limited in terms of the range of parts that can
  be used, and can result in an error when opening the checkpoint if an
  incompatible part is specified.

  -quiet - (Optional) Execute the command quietly, returning no messages from
  the command. The command also returns TCL_OK regardless of any errors
  encountered during execution.

  Note: Any errors encountered on the command-line, while launching the
  command, will be returned. Only errors occurring inside the command will be
  trapped.

  -verbose - (Optional) Temporarily override any message limits and return
  all messages from this command.

  Note: Message limits can be defined with the set_msg_config command.

  <file> - (Required) The path and filename of the checkpoint file.

  Note: If the path is not specified as part of the file name, the tool will
  search for the specified file in the current working directory and then in
  the directory from which the tool was launched.

Examples:

  The following example opens the specified checkpoint file, and specifies
  the target part for the design:

    open_checkpoint C:/Data/state1/checkpoint.dcp -part xc7k325tffg900-2

  Note: If the specified part is not compatible with the device and package
  used by the specified checkpoint, the command will return an error.

See Also:

   *  current_design
   *  current_project
   *  read_checkpoint
   *  write_checkpoint
