
Description:

  Compare the specified Design Checkpoint file (DCP) with the current design
  to determine the amount of overlap in the designs. This is intended to
  report the suitability of the DCP file as a reference design for
  incremental placement and routing using the -incremental options of the
  place_design and route_design commands.

  The reference checkpoint is usually an earlier iteration of the current
  design which is created by using the write_checkpoint command. The
  reference design should be significantly similar to the current design in
  order to provide any benefit from incremental placement and routing.

  This command requires an open design. The results of the report can be
  written to a file with the -file option, or returned to the standard output
  by default.

Arguments:

  -file <arg> - (Optional) Write the report into the specified file.

  Note: If the path is not specified as part of the file name, the file will
  be written into the current working directory, or the directory from which
  the tool was launched.

  -append - (Optional) Append the output of the command to the specified file
  rather than overwriting it.

  Note: The -append option can only be used with the -file option.

  -quiet - (Optional) Execute the command quietly, returning no messages from
  the command. The command also returns TCL_OK regardless of any errors
  encountered during execution.

  Note: Any errors encountered on the command-line, while launching the
  command, will be returned. Only errors occurring inside the command will be
  trapped.

  -verbose - (Optional) Temporarily override any message limits and return
  all messages from this command.

  Note: Message limits can be defined with the set_msg_config command.

  <dcp_file> - Specifies the name of a Design Checkpoint file to use as a
  reference design for incremental placement and routing of the current
  design.

Examples:

  The following example reports the amount of overlap between the
  firstPass.dcp file and the current design:

    report_design_similarity C:/Data/firstPass.dcp

See Also:

   *  place_design
   *  route_design
   *  write_checkpoint
