
Description:

  Many devices, especially those that operate in space or in high altitudes,
  must be able to handle single-event upsets (SEUs), caused when charged
  particles collide with electronic circuitry.

  Xilinx IP cores, like the Soft Error Mitigation (SEM) core, and design
  techniques such as triple module redundancy (TMR), let you design layers of
  SEU protection into your products. If one circuit fails, redundant circuits
  perform a voting function to identify and correct the circuit that has
  failed. See http://www.xilinx.com/products/quality/single-event-upsets.htm
  for more information.

  This command reports the device resources used for mitigation of
  single-event upsets (SEU) and other single-event effects (SEEs) in the
  design.

  This command returns the SEU report, or returns an error if it fails.

Arguments:

  -file <arg> - (Optional) Write the report into the specified file. This
  command will overwrite any files of the same name without warning.

  Note: If the path is not specified as part of the file name, the file will
  be written into the current working directory, or the directory from which
  the tool was launched.

  -append - (Optional) Append the output of the command to the specified file
  rather than overwriting it.

  Note: The -append option can only be used with the -file option.

  -return_string - (Optional) Directs the output to a Tcl string rather than
  to the standard output. The Tcl string can be captured by a variable
  definition and parsed or otherwise processed.

  Note: This argument cannot be used with the -file option.

  -quiet - (Optional) Execute the command quietly, returning no messages from
  the command. The command also returns TCL_OK regardless of any errors
  encountered during execution.

  Note: Any errors encountered on the command-line, while launching the
  command, will be returned. Only errors occurring inside the command will be
  trapped.

  -verbose - (Optional) Temporarily override any message limits and return
  all messages from this command.

  Note: Message limits can be defined with the set_msg_config command.

Examples:

  The following example writes the SEU report to the specified file:

    report_seu -file C:/Data/seu_mitigation.txt

See Also:

   *  synth_design
