
Description:

  Report details of the IO banks of the current design. Details include
  device specific information such as target part, package, and speed grade,
  and also provides information related to each pin on the device.

  This command returns the requested report, or returns an error if it fails.

Arguments:

  -file <arg> - (Optional) Write the report into the specified file.

  Note: If the path is not specified as part of the file name, the file will
  be written into the current working directory, or the directory from which
  the tool was launched.

  -name <arg> - (Optional) The name to assign to the reported results when
  run in GUI mode.

  -append - (Optional) Append the output of the command to the specified file
  rather than overwriting it.

  Note: The -append option can only be used with the -file option. It cannot
  be specified with -format XML.

  -format [ xml | text ] - (Optional) Specifies the format of the output as
  either XML, or an ASCII text file. The default output is text.

  Note: The format applies when -file is specified, but is otherwise ignored.

  -return_string - (Optional) Directs the output to a Tcl string rather than
  to the standard output. The Tcl string can be captured by a variable
  definition and parsed or otherwise processed.

  Note: This argument cannot be used with the -file option.

  -quiet - (Optional) Execute the command quietly, returning no messages from
  the command. The command also returns TCL_OK regardless of any errors
  encountered during execution.

  Note: Any errors encountered on the command-line, while launching the
  command, will be returned. Only errors occurring inside the command will be
  trapped.

  -verbose - (Optional) Temporarily override any message limits and return
  all messages from this command.

  Note: Message limits can be defined with the set_msg_config command.

Examples:

  The following example reports the IO blocks of the current design:

    report_io

See Also:

   *  report_route_status
