
Description:

  Report the configuration of timing constraints of the current design.

  By default the report is abbreviated, containing only a few key timing
  constraints. Use the -all argument to return all timing related
  configuration.

Arguments:

  -file <arg> - (Optional) Write the timing constraints configuration report
  into the specified file. The specified file will be overwritten if one
  already exists, unless -append is also specified.

  Note: If the path is not specified as part of the file name, the file will
  be written into the current working directory, or the directory from which
  the tool was launched.

  -append - (Optional) Append the output of the command to the specified file
  rather than overwriting it.

  Note: The -append option can only be used with the -file option.

  -name <arg> - (Optional) The name of the results to output to the GUI.

  -return_string - (Optional) Directs the output to a Tcl string rather than
  to the standard output. The Tcl string can be captured by a variable
  definition and parsed or otherwise processed.

  Note: This argument cannot be used with the -file option.

  -all - (Optional) Reports the state of all timing related attributes and
  constraints in the design. By default, only a limited set of important
  timing attributes is reported.

  -no_header - (Optional) Disables the report header. By default the report
  includes a header that lists:

   *  Report Type - timer_configuration.

   *  Design - The top module of the design.

   *  Part - The device, package, and speed grade of the target part.

   *  Version - The version of software used to create the report

   *  Date - The date of the report.

   *  Command - The command options used to create the report.

  -rpx <arg> - (Optional) Specify the file name and path of an Xilinx report
  file (RPX) to write. This is different from writing the report results to a
  file using the -file argument. The RPX file is an interactive report that
  contains all the report information and can be reloaded into memory in the
  Vivado Design Suite using the open_report command. You should add a .rpx
  file extension to the specified file name, as the Vivado tool will not
  automatically assign a file extension.

  Note: If the path is not specified as part of the file name, the file will
  be written into the current working directory, or the directory from which
  the tool was launched.

  -quiet - (Optional) Execute the command quietly, returning no messages from
  the command. The command also returns TCL_OK regardless of any errors
  encountered during execution.

  Note: Any errors encountered on the command-line, while launching the
  command, will be returned. Only errors occurring inside the command will be
  trapped.

  -verbose - (Optional) Temporarily override any message limits and return
  all messages from this command.

  Note: Message limits can be defined with the set_msg_config command.

Examples:

  The following example reports the current timing configuration, returns the
  information as a string, and sets that string into the specified Tcl
  variable:

    set timeConfig [report_config_timing -all -no_header -return_string] 
    puts $timeConfig

See Also:

   *  delete_timing_results
