
Description:

  Run the current simulation from the current time to the specified time, or
  until the simulation stops.

  A running simulation can be stopped at a predetermined time, at a specific
  breakpoint in the HDL source code, by encountering a TRUE condition, by
  evaluating the circuit until there are no remaining events, or by
  encountering a runtime error such as an out-of-bounds value.

  The run command instructs an existing simulation to run for a specified
  length of time, or until there are no remaining events. The time is
  specified as a floating point number indicating a period of time in the
  current simulation units, or in the specified units.

Arguments:

  -all - Run the simulation until no event is left in the event queue, a
  breakpoint or valid condition is encountered, or a run time exception
  occurs.

  Note: This is the default when no other options are specified.

  -quiet - (Optional) Execute the command quietly, returning no messages from
  the command. The command also returns TCL_OK regardless of any errors
  encountered during execution.

  Note: Any errors encountered on the command-line, while launching the
  command, will be returned. Only errors occurring inside the command will be
  trapped.

  -verbose - (Optional) Temporarily override any message limits and return
  all messages from this command.

  Note: Message limits can be defined with the set_msg_config command.

  <time> - (Optional) Specifies the length of the simulation run time. The
  time can be specified as a floating point number, or using the keyword all.

  Note: Using the keyword all is the same as using the -all option.

  <unit> - (Optional) One of the following time units (with or without space
  between time and unit) can be specified: fs, ps, ns, us, ms, or sec. The
  default is the value of time_unit .

Examples:

  The following example runs an existing simulation for the specified
  simulation run time, using the default units (ns):

    run 1000

  The following example runs an existing simulation for 300 microseconds (us):

    run 300 us

  The following example runs the current simulation until no event is left in
  the event queue, a breakpoint or valid condition is met, or a simulation
  runtime error occurs:

    run -all

See Also:

   *  add_bp
   *  add_condition
   *  restart
   *  step
   *  stop
