
Description:

  Writes the IBIS models for the target device in the current design. The
  netlist and implementation details from the design are combined with the
  per-pin parasitic package information to create a custom IBIS model for the
  design.

  Because the write_ibis command incorporates design information into the
  IBIS Model, you must have an RTL, Netlist, or Implemented Design open when
  running this command.

Arguments:

  -force - (Optional) Overwrite the IBIS file if it already exists.

  -allmodels - (Optional) Export all buffer models for the target device. By
  default the tool will only write buffer models used by the design.

  -nopin - (Optional) Disable per-pin modeling of the path from the die pad
  to the package pin. The IBIS model will include a single RLC transmission
  line model representation for all pins in the [Package] section. By default
  the file will include per-pin modeling of the package as RLC matrices in
  the [Define Package Model] section if this data is available.

  -truncate <arg> - (Optional) The maximum length for a signal name in the
  output file. Names longer than this will be truncated. Valid values are 20,
  40, or 0 (unlimited). By default the signal names are truncated to 40
  characters in accordance with the IBIS version 4.2 specification.

  -component_name <arg> - (Optional) Specify a new component name to change
  the default value, which is the device family.

  -ibs <arg> - (Optional) Specify an updated generic IBIS models file. This
  is used to override the IBIS models found in the tool installation under
  the parts directory. This argument is required for any parts that do not
  have generic models in the installation directory.

  -pkg <arg> - (Optional) Specify an updated per pin parasitic package data
  file. This is used to override the parasitic package file found in the tool
  installation hierarchy under the parts directory. This argument is required
  for any parts that do not have generic models in the installation
  directory.

  -quiet - (Optional) Execute the command quietly, returning no messages from
  the command. The command also returns TCL_OK regardless of any errors
  encountered during execution.

  Note: Any errors encountered on the command-line, while launching the
  command, will be returned. Only errors occurring inside the command will be
  trapped.

  -verbose - (Optional) Temporarily override any message limits and return
  all messages from this command.

  Note: Message limits can be defined with the set_msg_config command.

  <file> - (Required) The filename of the IBIS file to write.

  Note: If the path is not specified as part of the file name, the file will
  be written into the current working directory, or the directory from which
  the tool was launched.

Examples:

  The following example exports all buffer models for the target device,
  eliminates truncation of signal names, and specifies the file name and path
  to write:

    write_ibis -allmodels -truncate 0 C:/Data/FPGA_Design/ibisOut.txt
