
Description:

  Estimates the time in milliseconds (ms) to configure a Xilinx device for
  the current design.

  Note: The Device Configuration Mode must be defined for this command to work.

  Some applications require that the Xilinx device be configured and
  operational within a short time. This command lets you estimate the
  configuration time for the device and design in question. The configuration
  time includes the device initialization time plus the configuration time.
  Configuration time depends on the size of the device and speed of the
  configuration logic. For more information on the configuration time refer
  to UltraFast Design Methodology Guide for the Vivado Design Suite (UG949),
  the UltraScale Architecture Configuration User Guide (UG570), or the 7
  Series FPGAs Configuration User Guide (UG470).

  Some of the settings needed to calculate the configuration time are stored
  as properties on the current design, such as the
  BITSTREAM.CONFIG.CONFIGRATE or BITSTREAM.CONFIG.EXTMASTERCCLK_EN
  properties. In some master modes, the FPGA provides the configuration clock
  to control configuration, with the nominal configuration clock frequency
  specified by BITSTREAM.CONFIG.CONFIGRATE. The property can be defined in
  the Edit Device Properties dialog box of the Vivado Design Suite IDE, or by
  using set_property to directly set the value of the specified property.

  For a slave configuration mode, or for configuration modes using an
  external master clock, the needed clock frequency is specified by the
  -clk_freq option.

  This command returns a value in milliseconds if successful, or returns an
  error if it fails.

Arguments:

  -verbose - (Optional) Temporarily override any message limits and return
  all messages from this command.

  Note: Message limits can be defined with the set_msg_config command.

  -max - (Optional) Reports the maximum configuration time as estimated by
  the command.

  -min - (Optional) Reports the minimum configuration time as estimated by
  the command.

  -typical - (Optional) Reports the typical configuration time as estimated
  by the command.

  -por_ramp <arg> - (Optional) Specify the power-on reset (POR) ramp rate as
  a value from 1 millisecond (ms) to 50 ms. The default is 0. You can reduce
  the power on reset time (Tpor) by controlling the ramp rate on the system.
  For specifications on the Tpor ramp options, see the FPGA configuration
  switching characteristics in the data sheet of the specific device in use.

  -clk_freq <arg> - (Optional) Specify a clock frequency in MHz for Slave
  mode, or when using an external master clock. The default is 0.

  Note: When run in a master configuration mode, the clock frequency is
  specified through the BITSTREAM.CONFIG.CONFIGRATE property.

  -bitstream_size <arg> - (Optional) Specify a bitstream size in bits. The
  default is 0.

  Note: The bitstream size is derived automatically from the bitstream
  associated with the current design. Specifying this option will override
  the automatically derived value.

  -quiet - (Optional) Execute the command quietly, returning no messages from
  the command. The command also returns TCL_OK regardless of any errors
  encountered during execution.

  Note: Any errors encountered on the command-line, while launching the
  command, will be returned. Only errors occurring inside the command will be
  trapped.

Example:

  The following example returns the maximum calculated configuration time for
  the current target part based on the specified external clock frequency:

    calc_config_time -max -clk_freq 50

See Also:

   *  program_hw_bitstream
   *  program_hw_cfgmem
   *  set_property
   *  write_bitstream
