
Description:

  Imports physical constraints from a Xilinx Design Constraints file (XDC).
  The XDC can be imported at the top-level, which is the default, or applied
  to specific cells, or to instances of a specific cell. When imported at the
  top-level, the specified XDC file is added to the active constraint
  fileset.

  Note: Constraints from the XDC file will overwrite any current constraints
  of the same name. Therefore, exercise some caution when reading a XDC file
  to be sure you will not overwrite important constraints.

  This command is similar to the add_files command in that the XDC file is
  added by reference rather than imported into the local project directory.

  You can use this command to read the contents of source files into the
  in-memory design, when running the Vivado tool in Non Project mode, in
  which there is no project file to maintain and manage the various project
  source files. Refer to the Vivado Design Suite User Guide: Design Flows
  Overview (UG892) for more information on Non Project mode.

Arguments:

  -cells <args> - (Optional) Apply the constraints from the XDC file to the
  specified instance names. The constraints will be applied ONLY to the
  specified cell instances, and the XDC file will not be added to the active
  constraint fileset.

  Note: A design must be open when specifying the -cells option.

  -ref <arg> - (Optional) Read the constraints from the XDC file and apply
  them to ALL instances of the referenced module, wherever they happen to be
  instantiated in the current design.

  -quiet_diff_pairs - (Optional) Suppress warnings about differential pair
  inference when importing I/O constraints.

  -mode [ default | out-of-context ] - (Optional) Import the specified
  constraint files as in-context with the top-level design, or as
  out_of_context constraints to be used when generating output products for
  hierarchical modules or IP cores. For more information on the
  out-of-context design flow, refer to the Vivado Design Suite User Guide:
  Design Flows Overview (UG892).

  Note: Out-of-context constraints should be added to specified cells or cell
  instances.

  -unmanaged - (Optional) Treat the added files as unmanaged Tcl constraint
  files. The Vivado tool will not save constraint changes back into these
  unmanaged Tcl files. For more information on unmanaged Tcl constraints,
  refer to the Vivado Design Suite User Guide: Using Constraints (UG903).

  -no_add - (Optional) Read the constraints from the file, and integrate them
  into the in-memory design, but do not add the XDC file to the list of files
  in the current constraint set.

  -quiet - (Optional) Execute the command quietly, returning no messages from
  the command. The command also returns TCL_OK regardless of any errors
  encountered during execution.

  Note: Any errors encountered on the command-line, while launching the
  command, will be returned. Only errors occurring inside the command will be
  trapped.

  -verbose - (Optional) Temporarily override any message limits and return
  all messages from this command.

  Note: Message limits can be defined with the set_msg_config command.

  <files> - (Required) The filenames of the XDC files to be imported.

  Note: If the path is not specified as part of the file name, the tool will
  search for the specified file in the current working directory and then in
  the directory from which the tool was launched.

Examples:

  The following example reads the XDC file and applies it to the current
  design:

    read_xdc file_1.xdc

  The following example reads the XDC file and applies it ALL instances of
  the referenced module found in the current design:

    read_xdc -ref hex2led file_2.xdc

  The following example reads the XDC file and applies it ONLY to the
  specified instance within the referenced module:

    read_xdc -ref sixty -cells lsbcount file_3.xdc

  The following example reads the XDC file and applies it to the specified
  instances in the current design, even though they are instances of
  different modules:

    read_xdc -cells {one_decode sixty/msbcount} file_4.xdc

  Note: Multiple cells must be enclosed in braces, {}, or quotes, "".

See Also:

   *  add_files
   *  infer_diff_pairs
   *  write_xdc
