
Description:

  Read the specified list of IP files (XCI) and add them to the design and
  the current fileset. Files are added by reference into the current project,
  just as in the add_files command.

  You can use this command to read the contents of source files into the
  in-memory design, when running the Vivado tool in Non Project mode, in
  which there is no project file to maintain and manage the various project
  source files. Refer to the Vivado Design Suite User Guide: Design Flows
  Overview (UG892) for more information on Non Project mode.

  When using the read_ip command all output products associated with the IP
  core, including the design checkpoint file (DCP) will be read into the
  in-memory design.

  Note: In the project-based design flow, the Vivado tool will automatically
  generate the necessary output products associated with an IP core. However,
  in a non-project flow you must generate the necessary output products using
  the synth_ip or generate_target commands. For more information on working
  with IP refer to the Vivado Design Suite User Guide: Designing with IP
  (UG896).

  Use the import_ip command to add the IP cores and import the files into the
  local project directory.

  This command returns the list of files read.

Arguments:

  -quiet - (Optional) Execute the command quietly, returning no messages from
  the command. The command also returns TCL_OK regardless of any errors
  encountered during execution.

  Note: Any errors encountered on the command-line, while launching the
  command, will be returned. Only errors occurring inside the command will be
  trapped.

  -verbose - (Optional) Temporarily override any message limits and return
  all messages from this command.

  Note: Message limits can be defined with the set_msg_config command.

  <files> - (Required) The list of IP files to read into the current project.
  Both XCI and XCO file formats are supported. An XCI file is an IP-XACT
  format file that contains information about the IP parameterization. An XCO
  file is a CORE Generator log file that records all the customization
  parameters used to create the IP core and the project options in effect
  when the core was generated.

Examples:

  The following example reads the specified IP files:

    read_ip C:/test_ip/char_fifo.xci

See Also:

   *  add_files
   *  import_ip
