
Description:

  Report the resources consumed by the current open design. The report is
  returned to the standard output, unless the -file or -return_string
  arguments are specified.

  Though resource utilization can be reported early in the design process,
  the report will be more accurate as the design progresses from synthesis
  through implementation.

Arguments:

  -hierarchical - (Optional) Report the resources consumed hierarchically in
  the design under the heading RTL Hierarchy in the report. As a default, the
  report_resources command reports resources consumed by the whole design,
  from the perspective of the top-level of the design.

  -levels <arg> - (Optional) Provides a detailed report of resources consumed
  at each level of the design hierarchy under the heading Report for Instance
  <xxx>. When used with -hierarchical, this defines the levels of the design
  hierarchy to report resources from. The value specified can be >= 1, with
  the default of 1.

  Note: This argument only applies when -hierarchical is specified. Otherwise
  this argument is ignored.

  -file <arg> - (Optional) Write the resource report into the specified file.

  Note: If the path is not specified as part of the file name, the file will
  be written into the current working directory, or the directory from which
  the tool was launched.

  -return_string - (Optional) Directs the output to a Tcl string rather than
  to the standard output. The Tcl string can be captured by a variable
  definition and parsed or otherwise processed.

  Note: This argument cannot be used with the -file option.

  -format [ table | xml ] - (Optional) Specifies the format of the output as
  either a table or XML. The default output is table.

  Note: The format applies when -file is specified, but is otherwise ignored.

  -quiet - (Optional) Execute the command quietly, returning no messages from
  the command. The command also returns TCL_OK regardless of any errors
  encountered during execution.

  Note: Any errors encountered on the command-line, while launching the
  command, will be returned. Only errors occurring inside the command will be
  trapped.

  -verbose - (Optional) Temporarily override any message limits and return
  all messages from this command.

  Note: Message limits can be defined with the set_msg_config command.

Examples:

  The following example reports the resources of the design hierarchy to two
  levels, and writes the results to the specified file:

    report_resources -hierarchy -levels 2 -file C:/Data/resources_2.txt

See Also:

   *  report_utilization
