
Description:

  Run power analysis on the current design, and report details of power
  consumption based on the current operating conditions of the device, and
  the switching rates of the design. The operating conditions can be set
  using the set_operating_conditions command. The switching activity can be
  defined using the set_switching_activity command.

  Switching activity can also be read in from an SAIF file with the read_saif
  command. The Vivado tool will annotate the design nodes with activity from
  the SAIF file and estimate power appropriately.

  Power analysis requires an open synthesized design, or implemented design.

  Note: By default the report is written to the Tcl console or STD output.
  However, the results can also be written to a file or returned as a string
  if desired.

Arguments:

  -no_propagation - (Optional) For all undefined nodes power analysis uses a
  vector-less propagation engine to estimate activity. This argument disables
  the propagation engine for a faster analysis of the design.

  -hier [ power | logic | all ] - (Optional) Displays the summary power
  consumption for each level of design hierarchy (power), or the power
  broken-down for different logic elements of the hierarchy (logic), or both
  the power summary and the different logic elements of the design hierarchy
  (all). The default is power.

  -vid - (Optional) Use the Voltage ID bit of the target device. Voltage
  identification is a form of adaptive voltage scaling (AVS) that enables
  certain devices in the Virtex<tm tmtype="reg"/>-7 family to be operated at
  a reduced voltage of 0.9V while delivering the same specified performance
  of a device operating at the nominal supply voltage of 1.0V. Voltage
  identification capable devices consume approximately 30% lower worst case
  (maximum) static power and correspondingly dissipate less heat.

  -advisory - (Optional) Adds the Advisory table to the Power Report checking
  the design for abnormal switching activity on control signals. This is the
  same table produced by the Power Constraints Advisor feature in the Vivado
  IDE.

  -file <arg> - (Optional) Write the report into the specified file. The
  specified file will be overwritten if one already exists, unless -append is
  also specified.

  Note: If the path is not specified as part of the file name, the file will
  be written into the current working directory, or the directory from which
  the tool was launched.

  -append - (Optional) Append the output of the command to the specified file
  rather than overwriting it.

  Note: The -append option can only be used with the -file option.

  -format [ text | xml ] - (Optional) The default format of the output report
  is text. You can also output an XML report. XML output is only valid when
  -file is specified, and cannot be used with -append.

  -name <arg> - (Optional) Specifies the name of the results set to report
  the results to.

  -xpe <arg> - (Optional) Output the results to an XML file for importing
  into the Xilinx<tm tmtype="reg"/> Power Estimator spreadsheet tool. Refer
  to Xilinx Power Estimator User Guide (UG440) for more information.

  -l <arg> - (Optional) Maximum number of lines to report in the Detailed
  Reports section. Valid values are greater than or equal to 0.

  Note: This options also triggers additional levels of detail in the
  Detailed Report section that are not reported when -l is not specified.

  -return_string - (Optional) Directs the output to a Tcl string rather than
  to the standard output. The Tcl string can be captured by a variable
  definition and parsed or otherwise processed.

  Note: This argument cannot be used with the -file option.

  -rpx <arg> - (Optional) Specify the file name and path of an Xilinx report
  file (RPX) to write. This is different from writing the report results to a
  file using the -file argument. The RPX file is an interactive report that
  contains all the report information and can be reloaded into memory in the
  Vivado Design Suite using the open_report command. You should add a .rpx
  file extension to the specified file name, as the Vivado tool will not
  automatically assign a file extension.

  Note: If the path is not specified as part of the file name, the file will
  be written into the current working directory, or the directory from which
  the tool was launched.

  -quiet - (Optional) Execute the command quietly, returning no messages from
  the command. The command also returns TCL_OK regardless of any errors
  encountered during execution.

  Note: Any errors encountered on the command-line, while launching the
  command, will be returned. Only errors occurring inside the command will be
  trapped.

  -verbose - (Optional) Temporarily override any message limits and return
  all messages from this command.

  Note: Message limits can be defined with the set_msg_config command.

Examples:

  The following example performs power analysis, without net propagation, and
  writes the results to an XML file for use in XPE:

    report_power -no_propagation -xpe C:/Data/design1.xpe

See Also:

   *  read_saif
   *  set_switching_activity
   *  set_operating_conditions
