
Description:

  This command reports the configuration setting that affect delay
  calculation for the current design. The command requires an open
  synthesized or implemented design. Delay configuration settings include
  delay models used for interconnect delays and cell delays.

  Note: By default the report is written to the Tcl console or STD output.
  However, the results can also be written to a file or returned as a string
  if desired.

Arguments:

  -file <arg> - (Optional) Write the report into the specified file. The
  specified file will be overwritten if one already exists, unless -append is
  also specified.

  Note: If the path is not specified as part of the file name, the file will
  be written into the current working directory, or the directory from which
  the tool was launched.

  -append - (Optional) Append the output of the command to the specified file
  rather than overwriting it.

  Note: The -append option can only be used with the -file option.

  -return_string - (Optional) Directs the output to a Tcl string rather than
  to the standard output. The Tcl string can be captured by a variable
  definition and parsed or otherwise processed.

  Note: This argument cannot be used with the -file option.

  -all - (Optional) Report all configuration settings affecting the delay
  calculation for the design. By default, only typically important settings
  are reported.

  -quiet - (Optional) Execute the command quietly, returning no messages from
  the command. The command also returns TCL_OK regardless of any errors
  encountered during execution.

  Note: Any errors encountered on the command-line, while launching the
  command, will be returned. Only errors occurring inside the command will be
  trapped.

  -verbose - (Optional) Temporarily override any message limits and return
  all messages from this command.

  Note: Message limits can be defined with the set_msg_config command.

Examples:

  The following example shows all of the delay model configuration settings
  for the current design:

    report_delay_model -all

See Also:

   *  report_timing
   *  report_timing_summary
