
Description:

  Generate a Boundary Scan Description Language (BSDL) file (.bsd) for the
  current design that reflects the post-configuration boundary scan
  architecture of the target device.

  The boundary scan architecture for the device is changed when the device is
  configured because certain connections between the boundary scan registers
  and pad may change. These changes must be communicated to the boundary scan
  tester through a post-configuration BSDL file. Refer to the Vivado Design
  Suite User Guide: Programming and Debugging (UG908) for more information on
  the available configuration modes.

  The write_bsdl command reads a pre-configuration BSDL file for the target
  part from the Vivado Design Suite installation area, and combines that with
  post-configuration data from the current design.

  This command returns the name of the output BSDL file, or returns an error
  if it fails.

Arguments:

  -force - (Optional) Overwrite an existing BSDL file of the same name.

  -bsd <arg> - (Optional) Specify an existing BSDL file to update. Use this
  to update a generic BSDL file from the Vivado Design Suite installation
  with post-configuration data from the current design.

  -quiet - (Optional) Execute the command quietly, returning no messages from
  the command. The command also returns TCL_OK regardless of any errors
  encountered during execution.

  Note: Any errors encountered on the command-line, while launching the
  command, will be returned. Only errors occurring inside the command will be
  trapped.

  -verbose - (Optional) Temporarily override any message limits and return
  all messages from this command.

  Note: Message limits can be defined with the set_msg_config command.

  <file> - (Required) Specify the output file name. The .bsd extension is
  optional.

  Note: If the path is not specified as part of the file name, the file will
  be written into the current working directory, or the directory from which
  the tool was launched.

Example:

  The following example writes a BSDL file at the specified location:

    write_bsdl -force C:/Data/project/design1.bsd

See Also:

   *  write_bitstream
