
Description:

  Saves the design at any point in the design process so that you can quickly
  import it back into the tool as needed. A design checkpoint (DCP) can
  contain the netlist, the constraints, and any placement and routing
  information from the implemented design.

  Note: In the Project mode, a DCP will not have timing constraints after
  synthesis. The timing constraints are annotated against the design during
  open_run or link_design commands, or when launching an implementation run.
  To create a DCP with timing constraints, create the design checkpoint after
  opt_design, or after the implementation run completes.

  Use the read_checkpoint command to import a checkpoint file.

Arguments:

  -force - (Optional) Overwrite an existing checkpoint file of the same name
  if it already exists.

  -cell <arg> - (Optional) Instructs the tool to output the contents of the
  specified hierarchical cell into a checkpoint file. Only one cell can be
  specified for output.

  -logic_function_stripped - (Optional) Hides the INIT values for LUTs & RAMs
  by converting them to fixed values in order to create a checkpoint for
  debug purposes that will not behave properly in simulation or synthesis.

  -quiet - (Optional) Execute the command quietly, returning no messages from
  the command. The command also returns TCL_OK regardless of any errors
  encountered during execution.

  Note: Any errors encountered on the command-line, while launching the
  command, will be returned. Only errors occurring inside the command will be
  trapped.

  -verbose - (Optional) Temporarily override any message limits and return
  all messages from this command.

  Note: Message limits can be defined with the set_msg_config command.

  <file> - (Required) The name of the checkpoint file to be created. A .dcp
  extension will be added if no extension is specified.

  Note: If the path is not specified as part of the file name, the file will
  be written into the current working directory, or the directory from which
  the tool was launched.

Examples:

  The following example creates the specified checkpoint file, overwriting a
  file of the same name if one already exists:

    write_checkpoint C:/Data/checkpoint1 -force

  Note: The tool will add the .dcp extension to the specified file name, and
  will overwrite an existing checkpoint1.dcp file.

See Also:

   *  read_checkpoint
