
Description:

  This command writes a memory information (MMI) file defining the BRAM
  placement and address ranges to create a memory map of the design.

  Note: write_mem_info requires an open implemented design so that the memory
  information includes the BRAM placement data, as well as the address
  ranges, required for proper programming.

  The memory map information (MMI) file, written by the write_mem_info
  command, is a text file that describes how individual Block RAMs on the
  Xilinx device are grouped together to form a contiguous address space
  called an Address Block.

  The mem info file (MMI) contains memory mapping information similar to the
  Block Memory Map (BMM) file, but in a format that can be read by the
  updatemem command to merge with a bitstream (BIT) file. The updatemem
  command uses the MMI file to identify the physical BRAM resource that maps
  to a specific address range. Refer to the Vivado Design Suite User Guide:
  Embedded Processor Hardware Design (UG898) for more information on running
  updatemem.

  This command returns the name of the file created, or returns an error if
  it fails.

Arguments:

  -force - (Optional) Overwrite an existing memory info file if one exists.
  If this option is not specified, then the Vivado Design Suite will not
  overwrite an existing file.

  -quiet - (Optional) Execute the command quietly, returning no messages from
  the command. The command also returns TCL_OK regardless of any errors
  encountered during execution.

  Note: Any errors encountered on the command-line, while launching the
  command, will be returned. Only errors occurring inside the command will be
  trapped.

  -verbose - (Optional) Temporarily override any message limits and return
  all messages from this command.

  Note: Message limits can be defined with the set_msg_config command.

  <file> - (Required) Specify the name of the memory info file to write. The
  file can include the path and file extension. The default file extension of
  .mmi is used if an extension is not specified.

  Note: If the path is not specified as part of the file name, the file will
  be written into the current working directory, or the directory from which
  the tool was launched.

Example:

  The following example creates the memory mapping file from the open design:

    write_mem_info C:/Data/design1.mmi

See Also:

   *  write_bmm
   *  write_sysdef
